So we are going to be building this app.
It's called Coffee Masters.
So let's say that, we have a coffee shop,
so we are selling coffee, okay?
We are the new Starbucks competitor,
and we need to make the app so
you can make orders, from the app.
That's kind of the idea.
So that's our portion.
We're going to be building
this app from scratch, okay?
So I have for you some assets so
you can download the assets we'll
see how to do that later, in terms of
the icon we're not going to be building
the icon from scratch but the app, the
swift code will be written from scratch.
So it's an app from a coffee store.
We're going through SwiftUI and
as I mentioned before,
we're going to be using the Apple
human interface guidelines.
Which means,
it will look like an iOS application.
So, because when you're building
a mobile app these days,
you can actually pick a side.
You can make an Android application that
looks like an Android application and
iOS looks like an iOS application or you
can make your own custom user interface
and then your app looks the same
on both platforms or similar.
Now if you take Instagram or Tik Tok they
have their own custom user interface so
they are not actually following
completely all the guidelines on each
platform it's just Tik Tok okay?
So in this case we are going
to make it an iOS application.
So trying to use what the platform is
offering to us, as I mentioned before,
okay, so you can download the assets
from the companion website.
And also you have some coding helps.
While I'm writing code,
I'm going to write this code from scratch.
But if you want to just copy and
paste or see what I'm doing,
also you have, let's say 90% similar
code on that companion website.
I'm going to get out of
the presentation for a minute and
I will show you that companion website.
This is the URL remember, firtman that's
my last name .github.io/intro-swift.
And here you have again introduction.
In the introduction you have
here the link to actually
download the workshop's assets,
there okay?
Is the font size a little bit so workshops
assets, so that's a zipped folder with PNG
files on, another file that we
will see in a minute, okay?
We're going to use that later.
So, then here you have all the steps
that we're going to be doing.
We will see this later.
But I wanna show you here a little video
of the app that we are going to be
building in fact, instead of showing you
the video, I will open the IOS simulator.
We will see how that works in a minute.
So for now,
just believe me that this works.
This is the app.
So the app will look like this.
This is the app the actual app running.
Okay, this is the app that
we are going to be building.
So you can add to cappuccinos
to the car to the order.
Okay, and here you can see the order and
you can submit the order that kind of
video we have a section with offers
here we have tabs at the bottom.
So I'm talking about here at the bottom,
so these are known as tabs, so
it's a tab navigation that's the idea,
okay?
That's the goal we're going
to be building this app